doc: Bluetooth: move AutoPTS setup pages (#70656)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/bluetooth-qual.rst

Bluetooth Qualification
#######################

Qualification setup
*******************

> The Zephyr Bluetooth host is qualified using Bluetooth's PTS (Profile Tuning Suite) software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zephyr Bluetooth host can be qualified using Bluetooth's PTS (Profile Tuning Suite) software.
```

It's been a long time since we've done a qualification, so might be a bit much to claim that is is qualified today.

Reviewer: True, but that is so long ago, that the current host and the qualified host are hardly the same host subsystem anymore :|
